docs/about.md, before:

---
title: About Seedling
description: Welcome to Seedling, a decentralized platform designed to embody the essence of free and fair sharing of written content. Seedling is a fully decentralized digital publishing and discovery platform with direct user-to-author tipping.
image: ./img/seedling2.png
image-width: full
---
# About Seedling

Welcome to Seedling, a decentralized platform designed to embody the essence of free and fair sharing of written content. Seedling is a fully decentralized digital publishing and discovery platform with direct user-to-author tipping.  

Seedling gives authors the autonomy to publish articles, news and blog posts without censorship, and the ability to be rewarded directly through cryptocurrency.  Readers can discover diverse voices and perspectives, free from the influence of central algorithms, and directly support authors they believe in through tipping and subscriptions.

Our goal is to create a sustainable model for content creation and consumption that aligns with the ethos of web3 - transparency, user governance and equitable distribution of value.

*Seedling is currently in beta and runs on the Base Goerli testnet.*

## Vision

1. To empower independent authors and journalists with a
decentralized platform that prioritizes freedom of
expression and creative control.

2. To foster a direct and rewarding connection between
creators and their audience through cryptocurrency-based tipping, subscriptions and on-chain profit sharing
models.


## Features

1. **Authors Own Their Content**: 
   
   With Seedling, all content is hosted under the direct control of the author. In this version, content is hosted on the author's GitHub account. Authors use the familiar [markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) format to create their articles. Once written, the article URL is published on the blockchain making it discoverable by other users.  Seedling's smart contracts ensure only verified GitHub account holders can claim and publish their work.

2. **No Account Or Wallet Needed**: 

   *No wallet? No GitHub account? No worries! Seedling is open for everyone to browse!* 
   
   All content on Seedling is public, shareable with anyone through its unique Seedling URL.  No wallet or account is needed to read shared content. Only tipping and publishing require knowledge of wallets or GitHub.
   
3. **Cryptocurrency Tipping**:
  
   By connecting their wallet, readers can follow their favourite authors and tip them to show appreciation.  These microtransactions directly reward authors for their valuable content.

4. **Open Source**:

   Transparency is our core value. Seedling's app and smart contracts are open source, allowing the community to review, contribute, and ensure the integrity of the platform. Dive into our codebase [here](https://github.com/Bubble-Protocol/seedling).

### Coming Soon...

5. **Publications**:

   Digital magazines, news outlets and blogs with editorial control and free or paid subscription models.

6. **Different Hosting Options**:

   Publish your content from other platforms or take full ownership of your content with decentralised hosting.

7. **Novel Funding Options**:

   Add subscriptions, donations and profit sharing models into your channel.  Open your channel to investors to raise funds for a share of tips and subscriptions.

8. **Pseudonymous Login**:

   Helps journalists around the world express themselves without fear of consequences.


## Getting Started

Feel free to browse the content already available on the [Seedling App](https://seedling-d.app).

To learn how to write and publish content or to find out how Seedling works, see the [Help Article](https://seedling-d.app/article/0xe190ea61cd19683e4b18fac89d2511de737dab598c6b7853531c94aa05a5119b) here on Seedling.

## Beta Phase

Seedling is currently in a Beta phase, which means we're testing the waters, ironing out bugs, and continually enhancing the platform. The beta version runs on the Base Goerli testnet.

We're excited to invite users to explore Seedling, share feedback, and help us create a truly decentralized content-sharing space.

## Connect With Us

Embark on a journey of decentralized content discovery and sharing with Seedling. Connect your wallet and GitHub account, and step into a realm where content ownership reigns supreme.

[Follow Bubble Protocol on Seedling](https://seedling-d.app/user/github/Bubble-Protocol) for updates and other blog posts.

For any enquiries, feedback, or suggestions, join us on the [Bubble Protocol Discord server](https://discord.gg/sSnvK5C), or send us an email at support@seedling-d.app.

X: [@SeedlingDapp](https://x.com/SeedlingDapp)

Happy reading and writing on Seedling!

_Last updated: 4-Dec-2023_

Commit message:

update documents with new polygon urls

docs/about.md, after:

---
title: About Seedling
description: Welcome to Seedling, a decentralized platform designed to embody the essence of free and fair sharing of written content. Seedling is a fully decentralized digital publishing and discovery platform with direct user-to-author tipping.
image: ./img/seedling2.png
image-width: full
---
# About Seedling

Welcome to Seedling, a decentralized platform designed to embody the essence of free and fair sharing of written content. Seedling is a fully decentralized digital publishing and discovery platform with direct user-to-author tipping.  

Seedling gives authors the autonomy to publish articles, news and blog posts without censorship, and the ability to be rewarded directly through cryptocurrency.  Readers can discover diverse voices and perspectives, free from the influence of central algorithms, and directly support authors they believe in through tipping and subscriptions.

Our ultimate goal is to empower independent authors and journalists with a decentralized platform that prioritizes freedom of expression and creative control.

*Seedling runs on the Polygon blockchain.*

## Vision

1. To empower independent authors and journalists with a
decentralized platform that prioritizes freedom of
expression and creative control.

2. To foster a direct and rewarding connection between
creators and their audience through cryptocurrency-based tipping, subscriptions and on-chain profit sharing
models.


## Features

1. **Authors Own Their Content**: 
   
   With Seedling, all content is hosted under the direct control of the author. In this version, content is hosted on the author's GitHub account. Authors use the familiar [markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) format to create their articles. Once written, the article URL is published on the blockchain making it discoverable by other users.  Seedling's smart contracts ensure only verified GitHub account holders can claim and publish their work.

2. **No Account Or Wallet Needed**: 

   *No wallet? No GitHub account? No worries! Seedling is open for everyone to browse!* 
   
   All content on Seedling is public, shareable with anyone through its unique Seedling URL.  No wallet or account is needed to read shared content. Only tipping and publishing require knowledge of wallets or GitHub.
   
3. **Cryptocurrency Tipping**:
  
   By connecting their wallet, readers can follow their favourite authors and tip them to show appreciation.  These microtransactions directly reward authors for their valuable content.

4. **Open Source**:

   Transparency is our core value. Seedling's app and smart contracts are open source, allowing the community to review, contribute, and ensure the integrity of the platform. Dive into our codebase [here](https://github.com/Bubble-Protocol/seedling).

### Coming Soon...

5. **Publications**:

   Digital magazines, news outlets and blogs with editorial control and free or paid subscription models.

6. **Different Hosting Options**:

   Publish your content from other platforms or take full ownership of your content with decentralised hosting.

7. **Novel Funding Options**:

   Add subscriptions, donations and profit sharing models into your channel.  Open your channel to investors to raise funds for a share of tips and subscriptions.

8. **Pseudonymous Login**:

   Helps journalists around the world express themselves without fear of consequences.


## Getting Started

Feel free to browse the content already available on the [Seedling App](https://seedling-d.app).

To learn how to write and publish content or to find out how Seedling works, see the [Help Article](https://seedling-d.app/article/0x16919da1e9ef808fe7bd016697a1b2b2869185ca266bc1ebd763bdd899b33614) here on Seedling.

## Beta Phase

Seedling is currently in a Beta phase, which means we're testing the waters, ironing out bugs, and continually enhancing the platform. The beta version runs on the Base Goerli testnet.

We're excited to invite users to explore Seedling, share feedback, and help us create a truly decentralized content-sharing space.

## Connect With Us

Embark on a journey of decentralized content discovery and sharing with Seedling. Connect your wallet and GitHub account, and step into a realm where content ownership reigns supreme.

[Follow Bubble Protocol on Seedling](https://seedling-d.app/user/github/Bubble-Protocol) for updates and other blog posts.

For any enquiries, feedback, or suggestions, join us on the [Bubble Protocol Discord server](https://discord.gg/sSnvK5C), or send us an email at support@seedling-d.app.

X: [@SeedlingDapp](https://x.com/SeedlingDapp)

Happy reading and writing on Seedling!

_Last updated: 28-Dec-2023_
