docs/terms.md, before:

# Terms and Conditions

## Introduction

Welcome to Seedling. These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Seedling's Website, located at https://seedling-d.app.  Seedling is currently in a beta testing phase, which means that while we have made every effort to ensure it functions correctly, there may be bugs or issues that affect its functionality.

By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use Seedling if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

## Intellectual Property Rights

Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Seedling and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.

You are granted a limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.

## User Content

By publishing articles through Seedling, you retain all rights to your content, and you grant Seedling a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your User Content on Seedling solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using Seedling.

Your User Content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).

## Tipping

Tipping on Seedling allows users to send cryptocurrency as a form of appreciation for the content. A 10% platform fee will be deducted from each tip, which will be used for the maintenance and development of Seedling. The remaining 90% of the tip goes directly to the content creator.

## Liability

Your use of Seedling is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.

Seedling is not responsible for any losses, damages, or claims that may result from your use of the platform or your interactions with other Seedling users.

## Privacy

For information about how we collect and use your personal information, please review our [Privacy Policy](./privacy-policy.md).

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at support@seedling-d.app.

_Last updated: 1-Oct-2023_

Commit message:

add front matter header to terms

docs/terms.md, after:

---
title: Seedling Terms Of Service
description: Seedling terms of service and privacy policy.
image: ./seedling.png
---
# Terms and Conditions

## Introduction

Welcome to Seedling. These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Seedling's Website, located at https://seedling-d.app.  Seedling is currently in a beta testing phase, which means that while we have made every effort to ensure it functions correctly, there may be bugs or issues that affect its functionality.

By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use Seedling if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

## Intellectual Property Rights

Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Seedling and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.

You are granted a limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.

## User Content

By publishing articles through Seedling, you retain all rights to your content, and you grant Seedling a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your User Content on Seedling solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using Seedling.

Your User Content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).

## Tipping

Tipping on Seedling allows users to send cryptocurrency as a form of appreciation for the content. A 10% platform fee will be deducted from each tip, which will be used for the maintenance and development of Seedling. The remaining 90% of the tip goes directly to the content creator.

## Liability

Your use of Seedling is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.

Seedling is not responsible for any losses, damages, or claims that may result from your use of the platform or your interactions with other Seedling users.

## Privacy

For information about how we collect and use your personal information, please review our [Privacy Policy](./privacy-policy.md).

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at support@seedling-d.app.

_Last updated: 1-Oct-2023_
